When we first arrived we were able to have a early check in which was great. 
The atmosphere of the hotel was great as well as the lounge area with its fireplace and flat screen tv. 
Upon arriving to my room, I went into shock. 
The room is a staggering 145 square feet!! 
I have seen bigger motel rooms.
Me and my wife kept bumping into each other whenever we both walked around the room. 
We only came to view the fireworks and thank God that we didnt have to stay any longer than a day. We were able to see the entire show (fireworks)as the barge was directly in front of the hotel! 
This was the best thing about the hotel.
The flat screen tv was off centered from the bed which was ackward and it didnt swivel. 
The ice holder was so small the only thing you could have put on chill was a 12 ounce soda. 
The internet was absolutely great as well as the view of the water and bridge. 
The only drawback here was that the windows were only about 32 inches wide which meant if you really wanted to enjoy the view, you had to stand in front of it. 
The hotel has no restaurant, but a contract with japanese restaurant next door.Restaurant next door caters to the hotel but don't expect full breakfast. 
Most places around hotel are closed on the weekends which puts you far from most of the city action. 
The hotel also doesn't have a gym so if you want to workout, you'll have to go next door to the YMCA which has a contract with the hotel.
Upon trying the shower we found out that the water was just luke warm. 
The clock radio implied that everyone owns a ipod so you couldn't play cd's -I feel anything over $200 should have a cd player. 
Later in the night we started smelling cigarette smoke. 
Thats when I noticed that the door had a slight crack that let light and smoke inside my room. 
Room is so small that theres no room for a coffemaker even if they tried to provide one. 
So they serve coffee downstairs to make up for it. 
So, now you will know why this place is so cheap for the location.
