Having moved away from NYC after years of being a true &quot;New Yorker,&quot; 
I've always found it difficult to stay in a hotel when I come back into the city, and have been able to, for the most part, avoid it by crashing at friend's places when they are out of town. 
Recently though, everyone was staying local when we came to visit, and I booked a room at Gild Hall for a surprisingly low price online at quikbook.com. 
The site had the warning caveat that the hotel was under construction (thus the low rates, no doubt) during renovation. 
We assumed, safely, that there would be little interfering noise on a weekend stay and booked a standard king room.
New York City hotel rooms are notoriously tiny with variable amenities and equally variable staff attentiveness - imagine our surprise to enter into a quiet little world of wonderful. 
I almost hate to write this review and &quot;out&quot; the hotel, a supreme gem hidden waaaay downtown, but I feel like I should share our experience.
The entrance is on a tiny side street, off Gold St, a 5-7 min walk from the Fulton St subway stops which serves nearly all major subways lines one could want for. 
While the hotel undergoes renovations, the lobby is the size of a cubby, but who needs more than that for check in? 
We were double upgraded, they informed us, to some sort of deluxe king room, compliments of the hotel, and whether it was a line or a true upgrade, the sentiment was kind and the room lovely - unbelievably high ceilings, even spacious by NYC standards. 
The bathroom was huge and came with 'fresh' brand toiletries - quite highbrow, actually, and a thoughtful addition. 
The room had the requisite and now ubiquitous iPod docking station and flat screen TV and an extremely comfortable bed. 
As we were getting ready to go out, turn down service rolled by, and while we declined, it was a nice touch for a fledgling boutique hotel.
The room was quiet, dark, and blessedly free of radiator rattles, construction, or hallway noise even though we were right across from the elevator. 
The water in the shower was hot, the robe in the bathroom sumptuous and everything clean and orderly. 
Quite honestly - what more could you expect or want for??
I know the hotel will grow, the Todd English tavern will move in, and I imagine it will become quite the hot spot downtown with prices to match (other Thompson group hotels are NOT cheap.) but in the meantime, its well worth booking a room (even if its further downtown than you might normally consider.) in order to have the little quiet luxuries that Gild Hall offers before everyone else finds out about them, too.