CONCEPT	DEFINITIONsports arena	"building where games, contest, and other exertions are performed."ball park	a facility in which ball games are played (especially baseball games).athletic field	"open area where sports events, exercise, or games occur."tennis court	a specially marked area within which tennis is played.theater	"building for the presentation of plays, motion pictures, or other dramatic performances or spectacles."commons	a piece of open land for recreational use in an urban area.museum	a depository for collecting and displaying objects having scientific or historical or artistic value.building	permanent walled and roofed construction.library	a facility built to contain books and other materials for reading and study.house	building in which something is sheltered or located.transportation	the roads and equipment necessary for the movement of passengers or goods.stadium	large often unroofed structure in which athletic events are held.road	open way (generally public) for the passage of vehicles on land.highway	major road for any form of motor transport.path	open way for the passage of persons or animals on land.railway	permanent way having one or more rails which provides a track for cars.bridge	structure erected over a depression or obstacle to carry traffic or some facility such as a pipeline.subway station	terminal where subways load and unload passengers.airport	"facility, either on land or water, where aircraft can take off and land."terminal	where transport vehicles load or unload passengers or goods.port	landing place provided with terminal and transfer facility for loading and discharging cargo or passengers.travelway	"open way for the passage of vehicles, persons, or animals on land."forest	land that is covered with trees and shrubs.city	large and densely populated urban areadesert	arid region with little or no vegetation.river	large natural stream of water (larger than a creek).beach	area of sand sloping down to the water of a sea or lake.lagoon	body of water cut off from a larger body by a reef of sand or coral.island	land mass (smaller than a continent) that is surrounded by water.wetland	low area where the land is saturated with water.pond	small lake.mountain	land mass that projects well above its surroundings; higher than a hill.lake	body of (usually fresh) water surrounded by land.