I had a fantastic stay at the Harbor Court Hotel. 
I have to agree that the room was the smallest that I've ever seen. 
It was ok for the 2 of us but not more than that. 
But smallness aside, Harbor Court has everything that you need. 
The decor, cleanliness, service, accomidations, location (right next to the Ferry Building) are to the point. 
I was thrilled when Harbor Court left us a personal letter to wish me &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; along with a complimentary bottle of wine/glasses and chocolates for two. 
That was so thoughtful of them.Other unique items: free complimentary wine, cookies and milk at bedtime, options of turning down the cover/mints, Aveda bath products, umbrella for rainy day use, bath robes, LCD screen, Oxygen supply (w/ charge), Ipod dock station/radio/alarm, free complimentary limo service in the morning M-F to Financial district, complimentary newspapers, YMCA pass (where you can use free internet, this place is huge 4 stories, including an olympic size pool), sushi/sake room service (that was just awesome for a sushi lover like me), assistance with your bags and recommendations for sightseeing etc.
The parking charges were extremely high, $38 not including tax, but we didn't mind it considering parking was just horrible in SF. 
You can't find parking anywhere, especially at peak hours. 
If you valet, Harbor Court will get your car anytime you like and you can call down 15 minutes ahead so you won't have to wait.
I'm a total sucker for service and attention to detail so I will definitely stay at Harbor Court or any other Kimpton Hotel again.
I would definitely give it a 5 if the rooms were bigger. 
For those who like a roomy space and don't care much about decor/service, this place may be a bit claustrophobic. 
But if you don't mind it like me than definitely stay here. 
Also, remember to call a few hours before you get to the hotel just to make sure you get what you ask for (esp. if you book a standard room with a view). 
Harbor Court fulfilled all my requests :0)